The assignment this week is to complete a custom PHP function named "is_a_simpson", and to do so using a style of development called "test-driven development", while using Git to keep track of progress.
The function takes 1 input parameter - a string containing the full name of a character. You can assume the string will always consist of a first name followed by a space followed by a last name (eg "Homer Simpson", "Maude Flanders", "Millhouse MacDougal", etc).
Your job is to complete the function such that it returns a boolean (true of false) based on whether or not the input strings corresponds to a name that contains "Simpson" as a last name (eg "Marge Simpson" and "Lisa Simpson" would return true, but "Ned Flanders" or "Simpson Harris" would return false.
You're going to start your development by writing a "test", which is suggested by the is_a_simpson.php file.  That file contains line like this:
var_dump(is_a_simpson('Lisa Simpson')); // This should return true
You'll want to write code that actually verifies that this should happen, and prints out an error message if it doesn't.  Your first Git commit should include at least one written test, and possibly all of them (but nothing extra).  Once your tests are done, at this point, your code should run, and tell you (or whoever runs it) that none of the calls to is_a_simpson() return the correct value.
As mentioned above, this is called "test-driven development", and is a widely used standard in industry.  First you write the tests, then you write the code that makes the tests work (or stop printing failure messages, in this case).  Your Git commits should correspond to issues, where many of the issues will be a failed test.  One commit may actually fix several failures.  However, each commit should accomplish something.  (Changes that don't work are generally not committed.)
You may very well want to add a range of other possible inputs and expected results (especially "garbage" or otherwise unexpected inputs -- a well-written function will reject nonsense inputs).
Your custom function can use built-in PHP functions - some helpful functions to use might be "strpos" or "explode".  Please use the following Github link to accept your assignment and create your repository:
https://classroom.github.com/a/0_RqcBRZ
Don't forget to include the rubric, and note that it's been updated -- make sure you have the current version.  Please include that rubric in your repository, and also include a copy here when you submit your assignment.  A significant portion of your grade will be based on the quality of your self-evaluation, so do your best to take a careful, thoughtful look at your code and identify areas where it might be improved.
